---
layout: post
title:  "roc-dev website group project"
date:   2022-01-24
excerpt: "A 6 week project to design and build a website with a group."
project: true
tag:
- project
comments: false
---
    
<center>In 2021, I participated in a group project to make a website for the students of the school I'm attending.</center>

## Instructions
Our department was in need of a new student website and it was decided that the students should build it.
A group of six would work on it for six weeks, after which another group would take over for six weeks.
Eventually, every student would have added new functionality to the website.
<br><br>
I was part of the first group. 
We worked on the registration/login process, a page where the student could see their progress, and a page to plan what they would do during the following week.

## Process
The first week we decided on a file structure and naming conventions, and made a trello board and discord server for communication.
After that, we worked on design and the database, as well as research into how to safely store passwords, etc. 
I worked on implementing two-factor authentication.

## Result
After the six weeks, we were able to more or less complete what we set out to do. We got favorable feedback.
Unfortunately, due to new covid restrictions the second group hasn't been able to start work on the project just yet.

{% capture images %}
    ../assets/img/roc-dev/qr-code.png
    ../assets/img/roc-dev/2fa_login.png
    ../assets/img/roc-dev/recovery_codes.png
{% endcapture %}
{% include gallery images=images caption="Screenshots of 2fa pages" cols=3 %}

{% capture images %}
    ../assets/img/roc-dev/github.png
    ../assets/img/roc-dev/trello.png
    ../assets/img/roc-dev/figma.png
{% endcapture %}
{% include gallery images=images caption="screenshots of project github, trello and figma" cols=3 %}
